So what's up?
Be noisy
What do you think, senior?
What do you care about with such a person?
Go get me the bill
Dean, here's the bill for 3,400 reservations
I owe too much
Hurry up and pack your things and get out of here
Dean Xu what?
I remember our expenses
Isn't the Liang family already finished?
Liang family, do you still know that it was handed over by the Liang family?
Does the Liang family's money have anything to do with you?
This morning.
The Liang family has taken the money back
The Liang family is so brave
I'm not afraid of Miss Guan anymore, Miss Guan
Yang Ning, Yang Ning
Do you really think Miss Guan is your umbrella company?
Don't think I don't know
Miss Guan has drawn a line with you
Now he is a worthless poor man
Pack up my things right now and get out
Dean, how can you talk like that?
Poor people don't deserve to be treated.
Don't farmers deserve to see a doctor?
Well, in this environment
Worthy of your identity